FIX_GMAIL_DEEP_LINK.md, before:

# Fix: Gmail Browser Opening Instead of Deep Link

## The Problem

When you click the magic link in Gmail on your phone, Gmail opens its **in-app browser** instead of letting the system handle the `todomorning://` deep link. This prevents Expo Go from receiving the deep link.

## ✅ Solutions (Try These in Order)

### Solution 1: Open Link in External Browser (Easiest)

1. **In Gmail app on your phone:**
   - Long-press on the "Confirm your mail" link
   - Select **"Open in browser"** or **"Open in Chrome"** (not "Open in Gmail")
2. **This should:**
   - Open Chrome/Safari
   - Navigate to Supabase's verify page
   - Redirect to `todomorning://auth/callback`
   - **Then** the system will ask "Open in Expo Go?" → Click Yes

### Solution 2: Copy Link and Paste in Browser

1. **In Gmail:**
   - Long-press the link → **"Copy link"**
2. **Open Chrome/Safari on your phone**
3. **Paste the link** in the address bar
4. **Press Enter**
5. **Expected:** Same as Solution 1 - redirects to deep link → Expo Go opens

### Solution 3: Manually Construct Deep Link (For Testing)

Since Supabase's redirect might not work in Gmail's browser, we can test the deep link directly:

1. **Extract the token from the email link:**
   ```
   From: https://...verify?token=XXXXX&type=magiclink&redirect_to=todomorning://auth/callback
   Copy: XXXXX (the token value)
   ```

2. **On your phone, open Chrome/Safari**

3. **Type this in the address bar:**
   ```
   todomorning://auth/callback?token=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE&type=magiclink
   ```
   Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_HERE` with the actual token from step 1

4. **Press Enter/G.go**
   - System will ask: **"Open in Expo Go?"**
   - Click **"Open"** or **"Yes"**

5. **Expo Go should open** and handle the authentication

### Solution 4: Use a Different Email Client (Temporary Workaround)

Try using:
- **iOS Mail app** (usually handles deep links better)
- **Outlook app** (also handles deep links)
- **Any email client that opens links in system browser** (not in-app browser)

## 🔍 Why This Happens

- **Gmail's in-app browser** tries to open the link internally
- It may not properly redirect `todomorning://` deep links
- System deep link handlers need the link to come from the system browser
- Gmail's internal browser can't trigger system-level deep links easily

## ✅ Proper Flow (What Should Happen)

1. Click link in email
2. Opens in **system browser** (Chrome/Safari)
3. Supabase page loads
4. Supabase redirects to `todomorning://auth/callback?token=...`
5. **System intercepts** the deep link
6. Shows dialog: **"Open in Expo Go?"**
7. Click **"Open"**
8. Expo Go receives the deep link
9. App authenticates ✅

## 🎯 Quick Test Right Now

1. **Copy the full email link** from Gmail (long-press → Copy link)
2. **Open Chrome on your phone**
3. **Paste and go** to that URL
4. **Watch what happens:**
   - If it redirects to `todomorning://` → System should ask to open Expo Go ✅
   - If it shows a white page → The redirect isn't working (we need to fix Supabase config)
   - If nothing happens → Deep link might not be registered

## 🐛 If Nothing Works

We might need to check:
1. Is `todomorning://` scheme properly registered? (Check `app.json` ✅ we added it)
2. Is Expo Go running? (Must be running for deep links to work)
3. Is the redirect URL correctly configured in Supabase? (You added it ✅)

Let me know which solution works, or if you're still having issues!

Commit message:

Rename app from TodoMorning to TodoTomorrow; update deep link schemes and related configurations across multiple files for consistency.

FIX_GMAIL_DEEP_LINK.md, after:

# Fix: Gmail Browser Opening Instead of Deep Link

## The Problem

When you click the magic link in Gmail on your phone, Gmail opens its **in-app browser** instead of letting the system handle the `todotomorrow://` deep link. This prevents Expo Go from receiving the deep link.

## ✅ Solutions (Try These in Order)

### Solution 1: Open Link in External Browser (Easiest)

1. **In Gmail app on your phone:**
   - Long-press on the "Confirm your mail" link
   - Select **"Open in browser"** or **"Open in Chrome"** (not "Open in Gmail")
2. **This should:**
   - Open Chrome/Safari
   - Navigate to Supabase's verify page
   - Redirect to `todotomorrow://auth/callback`
   - **Then** the system will ask "Open in Expo Go?" → Click Yes

### Solution 2: Copy Link and Paste in Browser

1. **In Gmail:**
   - Long-press the link → **"Copy link"**
2. **Open Chrome/Safari on your phone**
3. **Paste the link** in the address bar
4. **Press Enter**
5. **Expected:** Same as Solution 1 - redirects to deep link → Expo Go opens

### Solution 3: Manually Construct Deep Link (For Testing)

Since Supabase's redirect might not work in Gmail's browser, we can test the deep link directly:

1. **Extract the token from the email link:**
   ```
   From: https://...verify?token=XXXXX&type=magiclink&redirect_to=todotomorrow://auth/callback
   Copy: XXXXX (the token value)
   ```

2. **On your phone, open Chrome/Safari**

3. **Type this in the address bar:**
   ```
   todotomorrow://auth/callback?token=YOUR_TOKEN_HERE&type=magiclink
   ```
   Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_HERE` with the actual token from step 1

4. **Press Enter/G.go**
   - System will ask: **"Open in Expo Go?"**
   - Click **"Open"** or **"Yes"**

5. **Expo Go should open** and handle the authentication

### Solution 4: Use a Different Email Client (Temporary Workaround)

Try using:
- **iOS Mail app** (usually handles deep links better)
- **Outlook app** (also handles deep links)
- **Any email client that opens links in system browser** (not in-app browser)

## 🔍 Why This Happens

- **Gmail's in-app browser** tries to open the link internally
- It may not properly redirect `todotomorrow://` deep links
- System deep link handlers need the link to come from the system browser
- Gmail's internal browser can't trigger system-level deep links easily

## ✅ Proper Flow (What Should Happen)

1. Click link in email
2. Opens in **system browser** (Chrome/Safari)
3. Supabase page loads
4. Supabase redirects to `todotomorrow://auth/callback?token=...`
5. **System intercepts** the deep link
6. Shows dialog: **"Open in Expo Go?"**
7. Click **"Open"**
8. Expo Go receives the deep link
9. App authenticates ✅

## 🎯 Quick Test Right Now

1. **Copy the full email link** from Gmail (long-press → Copy link)
2. **Open Chrome on your phone**
3. **Paste and go** to that URL
4. **Watch what happens:**
   - If it redirects to `todotomorrow://` → System should ask to open Expo Go ✅
   - If it shows a white page → The redirect isn't working (we need to fix Supabase config)
   - If nothing happens → Deep link might not be registered

## 🐛 If Nothing Works

We might need to check:
1. Is `todotomorrow://` scheme properly registered? (Check `app.json` ✅ we added it)
2. Is Expo Go running? (Must be running for deep links to work)
3. Is the redirect URL correctly configured in Supabase? (You added it ✅)

Let me know which solution works, or if you're still having issues!
